Next on PIJN News,
Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
I'm Dr. Chaps, and today we are at the
International Conference on Missions in Atlanta,
Georgia,
where we are meeting preachers and missionaries
from all over the world,
but especially today's interviews will be from people
and our friends in South Asia.
Former Navy Chaplain, Gordon James Klingenschmitt,
took a stand to defend religious freedom
by daring to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news,
discerning the spirits, and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
We're at the ICOM, which is International Conference
on Missions in Atlanta, Georgia.
And I'm meeting my new friends,
but apparently we've already been Facebook friends
for some reason.
Reverend Yusuf Bati and his beautiful wife, Pastor Anna.
Welcome to the program.
Thank you, sir, thank you so much.
It is so nice to meet you because we have something
in common in our love for the people of Pakistan.
Yeah, man, sir.
And you are from Lahore?
Mm-hmm.
And tell me about your ministry.
Yeah, let me tell you something about my ministry.
First of all, let me tell you my name.
My name is Reverend Dr. Yusuf Bati.
I am from Lahore, Pakistan,
serving our Lord Jesus Christ in our full capacity,
me and my wife.
So we are based, especially, you know,
evangelism is the hard key of our ministry.
We are conducting convention and proosons around the
country,
inviting thousands of people in one place
and just giving the good news.
And we are running, you know, and other projects too.
Like we are serving, my wife is serving among the women.
We have Bible schools.
We are producing Christian leaders.
But you know, my focus in these days
is just to work among bricklaying people.
So--
Say that slowly, bricklaying people.
Brick factory people, you can say that.
There's a brick factory.
It is near Lahore?
It's almost around Pakistan.
Oh, everywhere.
Everywhere, you know.
What?
Yeah, yeah, brick factory.
Factories are everywhere.
And the devastating part is this.
There is a lot of Christian slave families
are living over there.
Christian slaves.
Slaves family.
They're literally slaves for three
or four generations, actually.
You can say that.
Because they cannot get out of the financial debt
So they must make the bricks?
Yeah.
To pay off the debt to the landlord?
Yeah, actually let me tell you something
about the situation.
Monsoon is very bad over there.
Most of the families caught in monsoon.
Because there is no work in monsoon.
There is heavy rains over there.
There is no work.
During the monsoon season, there is too much water.
Exactly.
So nobody can get jobs.
Yeah, nobody can make the bricks.
So in that period of time, they just caught
because they need to feed their families.
So they get a loan from the brick factory owners.
They borrow the money?
Yeah, they borrow the money just to feed the families.
And they are unable to pay.
So that's why that money goes up and they get slaves.
And there is no way to get rid of them.
Until and unless you are not go to pay their money,
their payments.
What is the solution?
How can Christians help to set them free?
Yeah.
You know, the best way is this, without fighting
or without making any curl, you need to pay
and just release them.
We have to pay lots of debts to lots of families.
More than, if I'm not wrong, more than 200 families
we have been released.
And not even--
You have rescued 200 families out of slavery.
Exactly.
And not even pay their debts.
We are trying just to give them a small amount of money
so that they could start their own business
to feed their families.
So, you know, as God is providing us,
we are trying our best just to release them
from their slavery.
You know, my heart cry with a heavy heart,
I'm just telling to you, letting you know
that whenever you saw their faces,
you will see just disappointment.
Hopelessness on their faces.
And even they, they not even dream about,
that someday they will release.
This is just God and some friends.
I'm really grateful for those friends
who are just standing with us just to rescue these
family.
I'm so much grateful for them.
And they are Christian people.
Most of them are Christian people.
And if you will go to Google,
you will see a horrible stories over there.
Yeah.
The Christian people, Christian slaves,
family families are suffering.
Is it true that in Pakistan,
there is job discrimination against the Christians?
Yes.
Yes, it is.
If you are the wrong religion,
you cannot get the good jobs.
Exactly.
Exactly, you cannot.
You know, discrimination is on the high level.
You know, I'm saying that, you know, very--
So they are forced into the labor jobs,
like making bricks with their hands,
and then they become the slaves for the debt.
Exactly.
Christian people are just specific for the sanitation
job.
There is a, you know, small number of people,
they are just standing up businesses over there,
and they are living very good life.
Majority peoples are just specific for the sanitation.
Sanitation.
They clean the latrines, they clean the toilets,
they move the trash, they take it to the dump.
Exactly.
This is the job that is--
These jobs are just specific for the Christian people.
So it is demeaning, actually.
If you follow Jesus, you end up in the bad jobs.
Exactly.
That's happening.
No, no, no.
I think our God is better,
because Jesus is the God of love, the God of hope.
What is the message of Jesus that you bring to them?
Yeah, I think so.
Jesus' message, what I understand to Jesus,
the focus of the Jesus is just to show the love to
everybody.
Yeah.
Without any discrimination.
He doesn't care.
You know, I love the words,
for God so loved the world that he gave his son,
so that whosoever believes in him shall not perish,
but have everlasting life.
The message of Jesus Christ is not just for the
Christian,
but for the whole nations, but the whole world.
So Jesus doesn't have a discrimination.
People make a discrimination.
Pastor Anna, may I ask you about the women
who are in this situation?
What do you want to say to them?
Anna, can you describe that a thing?
Yeah, please.
Yeah, let me tell you something.
Let me describe something.
You know, Anna's job is that we have started
some sitting centers over there for the ladies,
so that they could learn how to stitch,
and they could learn their livelihood at their homes.
Moreover, we have a program for the poor and needy
children,
a free education for them.
More than 1,000 children from different centers,
they are getting free education.
Really?
We are supporting them,
and they are getting free education.
Wow.
Yeah, and the most important project,
I just want to let you know,
that's called JDM and Love Boxes, right?
The Christmas is near,
and we are having our boxes, our big boxes,
filling with cloths, filling with, you know,
shoes, soft toys, candies, and some other, you know,
For the children.
'Cause you can say Christmas box, we call that Love Box.
Yeah.
We have distributed a lot of thousands of boxes
among the children.
And not just the Love Box as a one-time gift
for the children for Christmas,
but ongoing vocational skills for women
to learn how to sew with the machines
so they can earn a living.
So instead of laying bricks,
I've seen the women doing this actually,
and they have the babies in one hand,
and they're making the bricks with the other hand.
Yes, yes.
And instead of that,
we can rescue entire families out of Christian slavery
in Pakistan, not just in Lahore, but everywhere in
Pakistan,
take them out of the brick factories
and give them vocational skills to earn a living
with sewing or with other skills.
Exactly.
JDMN.org is doing this,
and they need your financial support today.
How can people give?
Yeah, we have our church, you know, account,
and you can also send your love gifts through PayPal.
I have a PayPal.
PayPal?
Yeah.
So visit the website,
jdmn.org.
What does that stand for?
Jesus Disciple Ministries for Nations.
That's the stand for.
Jesus Disciple Ministries for Nations, like jdmn.org.
Yes, sir, yes, sir.
Would you say a prayer or a blessing for our TV
audience?
Yes, sure.
Heavenly Father, thank you so much for this beautiful,
this awesome opportunity,
and thank you for my brother who invited us
to share something about the kingdom work in Pakistan.
I just ask blessing for all the people,
all the audience who are watching this TV.
Bless them by your mighty hand.
Even they shall never warm.
We ask in Jesus' precious name, amen.
Amen and amen.
Our guest has been Reverend Yusuf Bati
and his lovely pastor, Anna.
Anna, thank you for coming on the program.
Thank you.
All right, Yusuf.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you so much.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We'll take a short break, and I'll be right back.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
I'm Dr. Chaps, and I have bad news and good news today.
The bad news is we just ran out
of the Joe Biden commemorative prayer coins.
But the good news is we just got a fresh shipment
of Donald Trump commemorative prayer coins.
Remembering to pray for our 47th president.
It has Donald Trump on the front.
It says, "In God we trust,"
and on the back is the presidential seal.
You can get this for a suggested donation
to support our ministry today of $47.
When you call right now, supplies are limited,
so call 866-Obey-God and press option one.
Again, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
Or for 67, just $20 more, we'll add the book
and the DVD on Effective Christian Activists.
You can also look at our bookstore
when you visit PrayInJesusName.org, click on bookstore,
get your supplies right now, we're running out.
How is your marriage doing?
Ladies, would you like to learn how to get your husband
to love you the way Christ loves the church?
Men, would you like your wife to show proper respect?
You know there's a Bible way to have a godly marriage.
I'm not saying I'm the expert,
but we interview in a four-part video teaching series,
a marriage and family ministry expert, Vince D'Acchioli.
And we go through the scriptures in four different
parts.
Part one is God's design for man and woman.
Part two is godly roles for husband and wife.
Three is sex and intimacy within godly marriage.
And also God's plan for divorce.
You wanna have this important four-part video series
available for a suggested donation of $30
if you call our toll-free prayer line at 866-Obey-God.
Again, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
Or visit our website PrayInJesusName.org.
They told me don't give away the store, Dr. Chaps.
No, I'm giving away the store.
Today we're gonna show you how to get $500 worth
of our teaching videos, normally sold on DVD for $500,
instead just $10 a month online.
We have a new feature on our website PrayInJesusName.org
called the Persuaders Club.
It's based on 2 Corinthians 5,
knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade
men.
You can join the Persuaders Club today
at three different levels.
For four bucks a month, as a regular sponsor,
you get secret, back-end news access
to the videos that are too hot for you to.
For $10 a month or $9.99,
we're gonna give you all of our teaching series,
the Discerning of Spirits, the Coming Apocalypse.
10 different teaching series normally sells for $500,
just $10 a month when you join at the premium level.
Or for a one-time donation of $1,000,
you can have a lifetime access.
Join the Persuaders Club today.
Visit PrayInJesusName.org.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We want you to sign a petition today to stand with
Israel.
They are under such attack
with Arabs and Muslims killing Jews,
but here is the Bible territory
that God promised to the Israeli and Jewish people.
Even in 1993, in the Oslo Accords, Yasser Arafat agreed.
These are the current borders of Israel and it's their
land.
Let's sign that petition.
PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, PrayInJesusName.org.
Sign it today.
Defending your religious freedom, here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
We're here at the ICOM, that is International
Conference
on Missions in Atlanta, Georgia.
My new friend is Sandar Learn.
She is from Yangar, Myanmar.
Am I saying this right?
Yes.
Oh, I'm--
Perfect.
Right out of the box.
We're making new friends.
So Sandar, tell me about your mission,
Asian Children's Mission.
Yes, of course, thank you.
Thank you for helping us.
And Asian Children's Mission, we exist to care,
protect the vulnerable children in Myanmar.
That comes in many different forms.
So first and foremost, we have a home for orphans
that is right here in Yangon.
It's called Hope Children's Home.
And then we also have preschools.
We have a school for disabled children.
We also have many preschools as well.
And one of our hope is that we can serve the children
in many different facets.
So the other thing that we do is a nursing school
because we serve in a lot of remote places.
And health is one of the big things
so that we are having a nursing school program as well.
In our children's home, our hope and goal
is that they can be sustainable.
So we also have sustainable farms.
So we just celebrated a Thanksgiving celebration
over there.
And they were able to utilize one of the pigs.
And we got this picture of a very beautiful big pigs.
And then the next pictures were good,
gory pictures of how they have made it into food.
Oh my gosh.
Well, I like a good Texas barbecue just like the next
guy.
But tell me about the children.
Why are you working with young people?
Because they really are the next generation.
As a mother, I understand that we
have to put God's words in their heart
so that as they grow up, they can really get to know
God
and spread the gospel because they are the next
generation.
OK.
And you have programs for special needs
children in Myanmar.
Yes.
That is obviously a new concept.
And we are very, very grateful that God has
brought this onto our heart.
Our founder, Joanna, she has a grandson who has special
need.
Also one of the teachers, they have
a son who has cerebral palsy.
And he has not been able to walk since birth.
So they have been praying for healing
for both of their children.
And through that, really, God has just
worked it to be able to help many, many more children
who
have different abilities.
In Myanmar, we are the one of two schools that is
dedicated
for special needs children.
So tell me about the history of Myanmar.
You were born there, and your parents are still there,
or they came to America?
They came to America.
OK.
So Myanmar has been a closed country for many, many
years,
about 50 years.
And then in 2013, it became a democratic country
for a short period.
And then in 2022, right after--
at the tail end of COVID, there was a military coup.
So now it is a closed country again, and there is a--
And explain that word.
I know, but our audience may not know what is an open
country
or a closed country.
Yeah.
Well, closed country is really where everything is just
controlled very, very tightly, right?
Because you can't really talk about God.
And in fact, one of our teachers,
who is in an internally displaced village--
internally displaced village meaning
we have, because Myanmar has so many wars and so many
disasters, there are a lot of people who are displaced
from their homes.
And we have a school there, and of course, as an
outreach.
So there's a school and a home church.
And she was just told this week that she can no longer
meet,
have a church service at her home.
She can still teach kids, thank God, but she cannot
meet.
So there is just a lot of controlling.
So no churches, no gospel.
It's closed to the gospel.
And if Christians or missionaries or even pastors
try to spread the gospel, sometimes they
are persecuted by the government.
Yeah, absolutely, yes.
Does your story have a--
does your family have a story about that?
My family, no, because my family actually is--
my parents are Buddhist.
My mom and dad are actually Buddhist nuns and monks.
I actually got to know Christ in college here in
Indiana.
OK.
So now you are leading this mission.
Who is the founder of the mission?
How did it start?
Yes, the founder of mission is Joanna Jones.
I was actually-- she is from southern Indiana.
I was living in Bloomington, Indiana right after
college
and going to a church, sure was a Christian.
And my connect group leader, a Bible study group leader,
his growing up in his childhood, his Sunday school
teacher
was Joanna.
So Joanna was visiting Myanmar.
And she met this man named Josiah.
And they just talked about--
he talked to her about his passion.
And he's been praying to have--
to serve as an orphanage, in an orphanage.
Little did she know, she said, yes, I'll help you one
day.
And on her way back, while she was in the air,
a cyclone nargis hit where millions and millions of
people
were killed.
Oh, no.
So there was a desire to help.
The need was born.
And she touched the ground.
And the reason how I got involved
was we were praying for her because we
didn't know where she was, whether she was in the air,
whether she was still in Burma.
So we were praying for her safety.
And she came back and she talked about, well, now we
have a need for an orphanage.
So Josiah went to the region where it was hit the most,
very much Buddhist country area.
I'm seeing there's like 16 dots on the map.
Does that mean there are 16 locations
where the mission is active?
Yes, absolutely.
Wow.
So it expanded quite big from that little plane
trip and the terrible cyclone.
Now it is everywhere in Burma.
Everywhere in Burma, yes.
So we have lots of preschool up here
in a lot of the remote areas.
Again, preschool is very much a new concept over there
as well.
A lot of the time, a mother has to stay home
or a father or the kids would just be watched,
mostly watched by the older kids.
So we saw that as an opportunity to reach out to the
children
while they were still young.
Yeah.
Now Myanmar is the name of the country.
Yes.
But Burma is like the language or the culture.
They're Burmese people.
Yes.
So really Myanmar has always been
the name in our own language.
But of course, Burma, Burmese, is
given name when we were colonized by United Kingdom
because that was just the easier way.
The British did that to America also, actually.
And we finally had a revolution, threw them out,
and now we're America.
So now you're Myanmar, right?
So it's kind of the similar story.
I love the British, but they gave us a common language.
Now we can speak.
So God bless them.
Tell our audience, how can they support the children?
Yes, of course, they can support the children
by visiting our website.
Or you can follow us social media.
And most importantly, pray for us.
Myanmar has so many different needs.
It leads Southeast Asia in natural disasters.
We just had a very, very bad earthquake.
So we're still praying for them.
We're praying for the recovery of the communities.
There is an active draft going on for the civil war.
So we're praying for the safety of our children,
in addition to all the normal basic needs,
like food and water and shelter and education.
But yes, please pray for us.
Yes, we like to pray.
Our show is called Pray in Jesus Name.
May I say a prayer for you right now?
Of course, thank you.
Let us pray.
Father, I ask your blessing on the Christian people,
all the people, but especially the Christians in
Myanmar,
as they try to share the gospel of Jesus Christ
in a closed country where Christians are persecuted
or given orders by the military.
Father, instead we pray for openness and friendship
between our countries, but especially between the
Christians
and the Buddhist people,
that the gospel of Jesus Christ would spread and thrive
and that the children would be served
and become your disciples.
We pray this blessing on Sondar Lern and her parents
and everyone who is helping
with the Asian Children's Mission, in Jesus name, amen.
Amen. Amen.
All right, we want you to support
the asianchildrensmission.org
when you go to their website, asianchildrensmission.org.
Our website is PrayInJesusName.org.
This is a viewer sponsored TV show.
Please donate today when you visit PrayInJesusName.org.
You can also call us toll free at 800-Obey-God.
We'll see you next time.
(upbeat music)
You know, I've been doing a lot of praying
and for years I've been teaching about
the baptism in the Holy Spirit.
Now what really happened on the day of Pentecost
in Acts chapter two?
Why did the disciples receive the power from God
to do Christian ministry?
And how can you experience the baptism in the Holy
Spirit
for your own power ministry?
This is a five part teaching, newly available.
We just put this out.
Part one is the baptism in the Holy Spirit,
how to receive the power of God in your life.
Then we go into part two, the gifts,
the power gifts of the Holy Spirit.
Part three is every instance we could find
of speaking in tongues throughout church history.
It's not an old gift, it's for you today.
And also we have interviews with Charles Johnson
and Lana Hightley.
I wanna encourage you to get this product
when you visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
Click on the online bookstore at the top of the page,
PrayInJesusName.org, available for a suggested donation
of $30, or you can call us at 800-Obey-God.
Again, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
This is a topic that in the last century was
responsible
for up to 800 million Christians around the world
experiencing the gift of tongues
and their own private prayer life.
How can you have powerful intercession
in your prayer life with God?
This will energize you as a Christian
and it's all Bible-based.
This is real step-by-step instruction
through the scriptures.
We want you to have the baptism in the Holy Spirit.
Before you even begin to experience that,
it might be important if you learn what the Bible says
about that gift.
Again, yours today for a suggested donation of $30.
Get this product today at PrayInJesusName.org.
Operators standing by at 800-Obey-God.
(upbeat music)
I'm Dr. Chaps.
You know, Jesus taught the parable about sowing the
seed
and you don't want it wasted.
You want it to grow with 30, 60, 100 fold
for the kingdom of Jesus Christ.
I'll tell you three mission areas
that we're doing here at Pray in Jesus Name.
I think our charity does more with less
than any other charity I know.
We are Fertile Seed.
For example, number one, we pray in millions
of television homes every day or every weekend
on eight networks.
We have 2.5 billion home TV impressions every month.
The second area, we feed orphans and children
in some of the poorest slums overseas.
We're building a new vocational school.
We're digging wells and we're serving the poor
when you give to pray in Jesus Name.
Number three, we defend religious freedom,
especially for our troops and our chaplains.
We've now helped send 5 million petitions to Congress.
We've helped change bad laws or policies in 13 states
and four times in federal law.
You know my story as a former Navy chaplain,
standing up for the right to pray in Jesus Name
and defending religious freedom.
Would you donate today?
In fact, we want you to come up monthly pledge sponsor.
When you visit PrayInJesusName.org,
on the right side, click the monthly pledge sponsor
button
at PrayInJesusName.org, your monthly gift
will help change the world in Jesus Name.
Today I wanna invite you to sign an important petition
to Congress to protect military chaplains,
especially their right to pray publicly in Jesus Name.
If you remember my story, you know that I was vindicated
by Congress in 2006, after I took a principled stand
for the right to pray in Jesus Name.
But Congress never did pass a positive law
to let chaplains pray according to their conscience.
Would you sign that petition with me?
Let's take action today.
Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the
air.
Would you please send your best financial donation
today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online
or you can mail a check to Pray In Jesus Name Ministries,
Post Office Box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now, 866-Obey-God.
That's 866-Obey-God.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.
(upbeat music)